Guide context and narrative cleanup (#1355)
temporalio/documentation: docs/java/how-to-heartbeat-an-activity-in-java.md

  - developer-guide
---

To Heartbeat an Activity Execution in Java, use the `Activity.getExecutionContext().heartbeat()` Class method.

```java
public class YourActivityDefinitionImpl implements YourActivityDefinition {

  @Override
  public String yourActivityMethod(YourActivityMethodParam param) {
    // ...
    Activity.getExecutionContext().heartbeat(details);
    // ...
  }
  // ...
}
```

> The method takes an optional argument, the `details` variable above that represents latest progress of the Activity Execution.

Reviewer: I think we could specify what type `details` can be: exception object or custom object, string etc.

  - developer-guide
---

To Heartbeat an Activity Execution in Java, use the `Activity.getExecutionContext().heartbeat()` Class method.

```java
public class YourActivityDefinitionImpl implements YourActivityDefinition {

  @Override
  public String yourActivityMethod(YourActivityMethodParam param) {
    // ...
    Activity.getExecutionContext().heartbeat(details);
    // ...
  }
  // ...
}
```

> The method takes an optional argument, the `details` variable above that represents latest progress of the Activity Execution.
> This method can take a variety of types such as an exception object, custom object, or string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The method takes an optional argument (the `details` variable in the preceding example) that represents the latest progress of the Activity Execution.
This method can take a variety of types, such as an exception object, custom object, or string.
```
